fix: add deprecation warning for APIRule v1beta1 version (#1837) (#1894)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/3.0.2.md

# Bug Fixes

- Fix behaviour of in-cluster connectivity when using JWT handler in APIRule. Now, in-cluster connectivity is blocked. [#1868](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1868)

> - Fix missing deprecation message when using k8s API to interact with APIRule `v1beta1` CRs. Now deprecation message `Warning: Version v1beta1 of APIRule is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Use version v2 instead.` is presented during each call. [#1837](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1837)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a missing deprecation message when using k8s API to interact with APIRule `v1beta1` CRs. Now, the following deprecation message is presented during each call: `Warning: Version v1beta1 of APIRule is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Use version v2 instead.`. [#1837](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1837)   
```
